"But Culture Does Not Only Capture a Reality that Exists There Before It"
Everyone agrees that culture society, most people don't think culture effects them individually. 
In one version of this idea, we recognize the concept called brainwashing. but brainwashing is an extreme or distorted version of what we call, in other situations, "learning."

Larger Lesson: whatever culture does, however it relates to society, probably can't be captured by a single metaphor.

Whereas we know -- though we don't exactly know how -- that culture not only reflects/distorts what happens in the world: it also shapes it.
"The problem with both of these metaphors, however, is that they presume the primacy of an "original" idea image or situation: whatever is there to be reflected or registered on the machine."
prof has thought hard about this for 25 years.
nobody knows truly, we've made some progress. when we think of what culture is and how it works, take the covid vaccine for example, and how complicated it is on a molecular level, and then how much money you need to produce all the chemical engieers who has to exist and all the universities who has to teach them and all the research labs. and yet we did it. thats a science problem. the humanities problem is how do you get everyone to take it so that they wont get sick. why is this harder? it involves beings with minds.
|| "this is a conspiracy, you're trying to control me" -beings with minds are increasingly complicated.
social class effects taste preferences
how rich you are changes the stuff you like
How? why does it mostly work but not always? why sometimes and not others? why within that framework? 
I dont think thats true. what about being shaped by your environment? It's not just social class. |>
prof: what i want to show you now is a video by Annita Sarkesian (sic). which is at the heart of events 
me: *ive seen this video, its actually great*
"Women as Background Decoration: Part 2: - Tropes vs Women in Video Games"
Annita is interested in how women and their dead bodies are showed in video games
"The use of sexual violence to prop up excitement has become popular in modern gaming" -Annita [clip of violent bioshock videogame clip]
"maimed female bodies are often fetishized and often objetified" -Annita
me: *this was a BIG topic in 2016 and still is now*
me: *LIT-prof is kinda sketch, AI prof and Audio prof seem chill*
Reality: Captured, Distorted, or Manufactured?
Culture as a distorted mirror: It's showing us another thing. what is it? our game playing energy.
*prof says some comments*
me: *okay...*
prof: if we are going to do the work of understanding culture, there is some partiality, there are some games that tend to cater to male players who like sexy women
Me: that's not what Mirror is about.
prof: let's all agree, playing euro truck driver is more exciting than being an actual truck driver in Europe
(self): lol
if no women die this way in real life they shouldn't in videogames
prof: but also its the "bad guys" who are killing the women- this is how the game signals who is bad, etc. 
(me thinking): weird way of saying it but ok
#GamerGate:
Oct/Nov 2014
[Prof shows depressionquest.com, a website that is supposed to simulate depression. the model is basically just this: its a text based choose your own adventure, but 1/4 of the options (the healthy one) is not avalible.
me: *to self* this mirrors what im doing with the mira project, except for mira the non avalible options are the bad ones, essentially. thats why its ok for mira to have empty responses etc.
[class participation]
prof "write down what this makes you think of ||
family lives in japan, sam, nice and sweet guy who likes to play dnd with nerd, also defensive end, athlete, just a golden child super good looking, and what would happen is ... |>
me: *what is going on...* *it hawks tuah point bruh*
Prof: in the music man, the mayors wife since a song in front of the town, columbia gem of the ocean.
and a boy sets off a firecracker
sam is playing the irish constable
and tommy dillas sets off a cracker
sam rushes in from off stage
"In a bad irish: accent" 'Who set off that cracker'
me: *why is he ... being racist as an example*
Agon (contest) Alea (chance) Mimicry (imitation) Muthos () {} ()
Welcome to GAME STUDIES!
Reference Textbook: "UNDERSTANDING VIDEO GAMES / THE ESSENTIAL INTRODUCTION / Simon Egenfeldt-Nielsen, Jonas Heide Smith, and Susana Pajares Tosca. / THIRD EDITION"
As a field, "game studies" dates back to the mid 1990s. It now includes the full apparatus of an academic field, including conferences, journals, book publications, and of course textbooks.
The text on the left (Ed. Egenfeldt-Nielsen, Smith, and Tosca) suggests that the field begins with three major questions:
1. What is a game?
2. Why are there games? What social function do they serve?
How do games affect players, and what effects do they have?

it's not surprising that this new genre has taken a while to mature. 
Photography is primarily a documenting mechanism.
Thats what portraits did, and paintings did.
mainly..
film... after 20 or 30 years... 
even american literature is not considered until the 21st century
and T is the first author of american literature. 
this textbook with three authors, lets get a sense of the questions that come out of this:
Game's we're speech: Weather a community could ban (arcades) 
the argument was the videogames we're a form of speech and freedom of expression covers and protects them.
that is weather they're expressive or not.
and back then, when this was ruled against, we're talking about pretty simple arcade games like pac man. He judged that these did not count as expressions. So how does the culture react to videogames. 
What happens to teenage boyhood in a world where Mirror exists, and how is that different from otherwise? 
I think that's a reasonable question to ask. What does that look like? I can tell you it looks very different for different types of kids. 
you might ask: what is the effect on people in single player games today between what kind of avatar you have: one of the basic choices is man or woman avatar.
what does that tell us about the options that society is giving us?
Artifact Analysis: euro truck is the example given. 
These three questions can obviously overlap. UVG identifies a number of different kinds of scholarly work that researches have done: REPRESENTATION, ETHNOGRAPHY/SOCIAL ANALYSIS, etc
Prof dissagres that video games represent a move away from linear interaction. he gives the example of his kid child not understand why it can't swipe on a tv (which is actually apt, since you can swipe on smartphones and touchscreen tablets)
on what grounds could it be right?
on what grounds could it be wrong? Open world (procedural generation is still 
If you give a name to something, it has a beginning and an end.
'Mirror'
"What was your favorite part of the symphony"
"The part where they we're practicing"
Prof is dissapointed that we didn't react to his blaccent.
WHY IS HE SWEDISH CHEF'ING US.
*the professor is doing an offensive french accent*
prof: you are inside the magic circle the whole. and now you are outside and you know. 
What do you think of this Artifact?
*I have no idea what's going on*
Where is pac man? pac man is in the box. pac man is seperated from here. 
What it does it work to activate the seperation between the real and the not real.
you must activate it.
it does not just happen by itself
"Ah they do not know but I am in a work of art! You cannot understand me! Oh your voice is so funny! If you do not understand, you can talk to me after class"
*me: *is this is real accent?**
What is flirting: flirting is "you say something"
"this thing can be interpreted in two ways"
1. the sexy way
2. the normal way
so that both of you can get out
if the response is negative you should stop
if it is positive there is a flirt?
when its ambiguous, there is a sense of play. you are creating art but not closing it. 
*me: is still not sure if the french accent the prof switched too is his real accent*
prof: am i serious? do I want you to understand something? My point is not that I am an unusual person, it is that to show you yourself use play on play all the time in society
But in the question of the world of art the work is play and outside the work is non play.
it is closed.
before today, you though perhaps you were in play or not in play.

me: *he was playing, his voice goes back to normal*
me: *I guess that is not lesser of two worse ways to swedish chef*
as students of culture, how does culture work? we're all driving culture every day. 
thing number two: rich people, middle class people, poor people, they consume different things. How do we think about the balance about the product of something that is both inside and outside of us?
are you fully in charge? no
none of you chose what language to speak
none of you chose in that way
in some really important way none of you are fundamentally in charge of what you think of as your life world your mental world
talk about chartreuse #80FF00
you didn't set out to see it you are the product of it.
prof: how many of you like olives?
*I raise my hand*
prof: how many of you don't like olives?
*I lower my hand*
is olive a rich person food or a poor person food
whats a classy or unclassy videogame?
Chess is so classy its not even a videogame. Chess is the classiest - 
why are rich people things wordy and a little sad and poor people things action-y?
"she: historically being able to reach was something , so more words = more intellectual*
prof: yes but more fundamentally... think about blowing your nose. im not saying they really do this, but if it was a cherades, do you begin to feel that or no?
me: *yes but that is what we are trying to not fall into stereotypes here*
wealth: you associate yourself away from the body
dumb and dumber: jim carey doesnt know how to act around rich people
jim carey: having a fantasy about imagining hes in a room with all these rich people, and they're all laughing and think he's halarious, and what he does is light his farts on fire and everyone is laughing, and what is funny in the film is the mismatch between what he feels wealthy life to be like and what it's actually like.
prof: how many of you have a logo on your shirts
me: *looks down*
SPONSORED BY MIRA
prof: shirts, whatever, bag, its all signal. and we make choices because they signal things, not just cause we like them.
how do you think about taste as both under your control?
like olives. 
you can work on taste and you can cultivate taste.
prof is describing his life but... *thinks about olive*
THE "WINNING" CONSTRAINT
So one very off thing about video games is that 
(depending on the technological medium- the answer is different for coin-op games than for PC or console game,) you have to be able to "win" them. 
not only that but in most cases you have to have the opportunity to be the most important person the story-world
We'll discuss the more later, but for now, important to note
Right? you're the secret prince. the one bitten by the zombie but doesn't have the virus.
[the prof shows The Crying Game movie intro]
I see a main or rhode island based seaside carnival with a lighthouse, swing machine, and what that called again.. .ferris wheel. its a ride humans go on when they want to have fu. 
There some nice 1960s music playing in the intro, demonstrating a switch from diagetic to non diagetic music, as the music starts playing in a speaker in the actual carnival.
in mirror, the way diagetic and non diagetic elements mesh. lets say in mirror, if you get past prince, once you get to king and emperor and beyond, you have to start manipulating the game rules, breaking the story of the game, mainly playing the exploit, youre no longer playing the jesus, youre plyaing the extra jesus. 
are hitpoint extra jesus? no. so mainly playing videogames is about managing and manipulating diagetic and extra-diagetic relationships. and we can talk about novels, other forms of ficton, next week we sttart with history.
